docs(Forms): add docs about unique paths (#5197)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/getting-started.mdx

}
```

> Paths must be unique. If Eufemia discovers duplicate paths, it will print the following warning in the console: `Eufemia Path declared multiple times: /duplicatePath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paths of fields (`/dataPath`) must be unique to ensure proper error handling and data input. If Eufemia detects duplicate paths, it will print the following warning in the console: `Eufemia Path declared multiple times: /duplicatePath`.
```

> Paths of fields (`/dataPath`) must be unique to ensure proper error handling and data input. If Eufemia detects duplicate paths, it will print the following warning in the console: `Eufemia Path declared multiple times: /duplicatePath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paths of fields (`path="/dataPath"`) must be unique to ensure proper error handling and data input. If Eufemia detects duplicate paths, it will print the following warning in the console: `Eufemia Path declared multiple times: /duplicatePath`.
```
